>> Nina Zakharenko: Here we
have the most common workflow.
Triangular workflow.
Common when you are contributing
to open source projects.
You fetch from upstream to keep
your local repo up to date.
You push changes to your fork,
aka the origin, and
then you put post changes to
the upstream repository via pull
request.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Does
anyone have any questions
about the triangular workflow.
Does this makes sense?
This is crucial to understanding
how the usual GitHub
workflow works.
>> Nina Zakharenko: What's
a tracking branch?
Sometimes you'll see this
word when you're using Git.
To track a branch,
you wanna tie it to an upstream branch.
As a bonus, you can push and
pull with no arguments.
If you wanna check out a remote branch
with tracking you can use git checkout -t.
You specify which remote
you want to track from, and
which branch you're looking to check out.
If you're pushing a branch to remote for
the first time, you can git push -u.
And that's going to set up tracking and
push that branch back up to
the remote.
>> Nina Zakharenko: By default,
Git doesn't really show you any
interesting information about what
upstream branches we're tracking.
So a command that I find very,
very useful is git branch -vv.
When you run it,
it will show you which upstream or
remote branch you're tracking
on your local branch.
Very useful information.
Another thing is, it will show you how
many commits you are ahead, or behind.
In this case I made a fork a long time
ago, I never fetched from upstream,
and so
my fork is 124 commits behind master,
very sad.
>> Nina Zakharenko: If I want to
get information from the server, without
merging or pulling, I can use git fetch.
It's important for keeping your local
repository up to date with a remote, and
it pulls down all the changes
that happen on the server.
But it's not going to change your
local repository, so don't worry.
If I pull, it's gonna do fetch and
then a merge.
So git pull under the hood is just
doing a fetch first and then a merge.
It's gonna pull down all those changes
from the remote repository to your local
repository, merge them
with the local branch.
If any changes happen upstream,
Git will create a merge commit.
Otherwise, it's just
going to fast forward.
When I push, I'm sending my changes
up to the remote repository.
Git will only let me push if it's
not going to cause a conflict.
So, if any changes happen
to the remote repository, I
will have to pull first, update my local
copy and then I'll be able to push.
Git pull --rebase is very helpful.
It's a git pull with a rebase built in.
It's gonna fetch,
update your local branch to copy
the upstream branch that you specified.
And it's gonna replay any commits
that you made by a rebase.
When you open a pull request using
the strategy, there aren't gonna be any
unsightly merge commits.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
a quick example,
a Git Pull versus a Git Pull Rebase.
If we have this sort of setup here,
we made a feature branch.
And we branched off from one commit
behind where master is at now.
If we just git pull, origin master,
we're gonna have a merged commit,
that extra purple merge commit.
If we wanna keep our history cleaner,
we can do git pull origin/master --rebase.
And now that new commit on master, is
sandwiched between the changes we had on
master and our feature branch.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Don't use git
pull --rebase on a branch that has local
merge commits, it doesn't work very well.
It works best in this kind of setup
where you are just kind of branching
off master or working on a feature.
I use this all the time and
just apply my commits neatly on top.
Quick note about tags.
Git doesn't automatically push
local tags to a remote repository.
You have to manually merge them.
Either by saying git push with
a tagname or git push --tags.
Some guidelines on contributing to open
source projects with pull request.
Before opening a pull request,
keep your commit history clean and neat.
You should rebase if you need to.
Run any tests that the project might have.
Pull in upstream changes.
In this case, preferably via
rebase to avoid any merge commits.
Check for a file called contributing.md or
.txt in the project route.
That's going to be the guidelines for
how to contribute to this project.
After you open a pull request,
explain your changes very thoroughly
in the pull request body.
You should link to any open issues,
any bugs that you might be fixing.
And check back frequently for
comments from the maintainers.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Advice,
I always encourage developers to work
on their own forks of a repository.
Even if you have push access to,
let's say you have a work project and
you have push access to it.
Instead of pushing directly to it,
just make a fork if you can.
You're a lot less likely to
make mistakes if you're not
pushing changes to the source of truth.
You can always rebase and
force push freely to your own origin,
your own fork,
as long as no one else is cloning your
branch.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Now,
rule of thumb when you're proposing or
pushing,
merging changes back to remote,
try to rebase your commits.
Merge those feature branches
back to the origin.
So, your local history has been rebased,
but
there's a clear merge commit in master.
These were the features
that I was working on.
When a pull request is accepted, the owner
of the repository has a few options.
You can squash, you can merge, rebase.
And if you squash or rebase,
you'll lose the context.
It's harder to debug.
I much prefer to merge when
accepting a pull request.